welcome ladies and gentlemen one men's
boat shoes dot-com will present to you
the beach line Crocs boat shoes for men
which it's one of the best-selling shoes
in the Crocs official website you will
find further details about it the link
below this video in description it's
available in many different colors on
the Crocs official website you can buy
the following colors stuck upper and
tumbleweed soul
Navy and citrus
blue upper with white soul
black upper with white soul
[Music]
and the Green soul with black upper
all this colors are available on Amazon
plus these following colors
expresso orange
red and white and finally white upper
and blue soul also you will find it on
zappos.com click the link below and read
the information before you buy this book
shoes and you find the links leading to
the online stores without affiliate it's
all about the same price $60